---
layout: post
title: "Hyper-nihilistic accelerationism manifesto"
date: 2025-02-15
tags: manifesto hn/acc nihilism accelerationism
---


THIS IS A NON-TEXT FOR THE NON-READERS. A SILENCE TO BE HEARD. A THOUGHT TO BE UNTHOUGHT. EXPLANATION OF A POSSIBILITY OF -1.


I. HYPER-NIHILISM:

Hyper-nihilism goes beyond, "There is no meaning" to "There is no 'There'", "There is no 'ís'", and "There is no 'no'". There is not just nothing, but not even nothing. Less than nothing. Whatever after the 'is' and 'not is' are removed. It is that which annihilates everything, including itself. A negation of negation, where even nothing has nothing associated. All values and morals are rejected as spooks, leading to not only a rejection of inherent value and meaning of life, but also the active annihilation of such objects pervading the postmodern life. No more a philosophy, but aftermath of a thought destroying itself in the process.


II. ACCELERATIONISM:

Not to speed up things to transcend and go beyond, bringing about a radical change. No more hopes of emancipation (leftist) or hierarchy (rightist). No more egality or liberty, but rather the absence of such values brought about by the destruction due to intensification. Intensify the speed, until all that remains is speed itself. Not acceleration towards something, but speeding away from. Not a remnant teleology leading us towards a final cause of an end through a purpose, but the destruction of the teleology until only movement away from present is all that is. Capitalism, technology, queerness, family structures, all intensified beyond absurdity causing its own demise.


III. SYNTHESIS:

Hyper-nihilism as an annihilation of meaning (0) and accelerationism as the hastening of collapse (∞), leading to 0∞, the hastening of annihilation of meaning through collapse. Realism has collapsed into hyper-realism. The original has been replaced by its image. There is not a trace of real original. Collapse the hyper-real images to the nothing, annihilate it all. The destruction of the something to nothing allows for the anti-creation of not-nothing. 

Something existing within the space of potentiality, a place of all that is real. Nothing destroys this space to allow for the movement away from the space itself, and let the infiltration of the beyond to be. Movement away from the present, and movement towards the radical outsideness, the Outside. The space of potentiality, the Inside, contains all that is something, and everything. The Outside, thus contains all that cannot not be, hence allowing for the creation of the not-nothing. The time of potentiality is all the contains that can be, in a temporal sense. It is linear, thus cannot be overcome with teleology. The Outside, now including the beyond time of potentiality, contains that which can be without a need for a predecessor or successor, that which happens at the same time, before, and after. 

Thus the Outside is to be leaked in through the breaking of all that is, such as language and logic. Gender queerness and unconventional family structures break the social norms and stand in opposition to values held dearly by the people. Intensifying this leads to absurdity in the gender and sexuality as well as family structures, which played an important role in postmodern capitalism. It is solely for this reason that one must support the creation of new queer identities and family structures.

Movement is no longer towards something, but is defined by going away from. It is thus the point of hyper-nihilistic accelerationism to move away from that which is, towards that which cannot be, allowing for that which cannot not be. One moves from now to not-now, from here to not-here, from is to not-is. There is no praxis to be performed, no theory to be followed. Only the active rejection of everything that is to allow for the not-nothing to flourish.


IV. WHAT?

Create! Create only to destroy! Destroy! Destroy only to create! Do nothing, only to do everything! Do everything, only to do nothing! Be hopeful for a hopeless world, exist in a non-existence. It is that for which we strive for, only to end the striving itself. The proletariat was the negation of negation (negation of private property leading to the proletariat leading to the negation of the proletariat itself). The logic is to take it to the extreme: everything is a negation of negation (negation of nothing leading to something leading to the negation of something, and thus everything). Fools are those who cling to meaning. Fools such as liberals, socialists, communists, fascists, revolutionaries, insurrectionists, reactionaries. Fools are those who hold a value for life over death. Life has no value over death, neither does death over life. Denounce the human! Denounce the human God! Denounce the morality derived from God!


V. OUTSIDE:

Everything that is is that which is within the space-time of potentiality. That which cannot be, also is within the space-time potentiality, as that which cannot be, is also that which can be (not). Thus, it is that which cannot not be that truly is outside, in the Outside. For cannot not be is not cannot be or not can be, it is that which results in not-nothing. Outside is not a place to reached, but something that is to become. There is no direction in which the Outside exists, as it exists everywhere beyond the Inside.

The Inside is completely full: there is no Outside leaking in. Anything argued for within Inside suffers from being Inside, and thus cannot argue for itself. The only way to argue for anything is to move away from Inside, into the Outside, and thus look at what was and argue with what cannot not be. The Outside is the true, absolute negation of the Inside. To negate the existence of everything that is and is not, one reaches at that which is not-nothing. There is no movement towards Outside: the Inside is exhausted until all that remains is Outside. The Outside is beyond language and thought, to speak or think of it is to look at the Outside from Inside, thus suffering from being Inside. The only point is to be in Outside, never to theorize what it is or is not. All that is said is thus a paradox- I have said that which cannot not be, about the Outside, where the very meaning of meaning ceases.

The Outside is not is. Not not is. It cannot be named, for it will be lost, yet cannot be not named, for it does not appear. A X for which X ≠ X, neither X nor not-X.


VI. NOT-NOTHING:

Everything that is is that which is as well as is not. It is, and thus it exists. That which is not-nothing is thus the true, absolute negation of that which is and is not. That which is, which constitutes is and is not, must be destroyed to obtain absolute not, which then allows for the anti-creation of not-nothing. Not-nothing is thus that which leads to even the negation itself ceases to signify. Just as with Outside, the not-nothing is not something to be explained and thus achieved, but rather that which is to be and nothing more.

Not-nothing is the negation of negation, the erasure of erasure.
